*: add constraint for binary deployment (#610)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/deploy-a-dm-cluster-using-binary.md

> **Note:**
>

> > - If you deploy multiple DM-master or DM-worker instances in a single server, ports and working directories of each instances must be unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - If you deploy multiple DM-master or DM-worker instances in a single server, the port and working directory of each instance must be unique.
```
